#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design,project,roadmap,version,versions

<strong>0.3.1: Improving Force Directed Graph Performance</strong>

This release responds to requests for improved Force Directed Graph performance.

   * New physical model for Force Directed Graphs
   * New entropy throttle
   * New API with improved support for building graphs from source data

<strong>0.3.2: Updating <s>Tree</s> <i>Snowflake</i> Graph Model</strong>

This release updates the "Tree Graph" from prior releases to the 0.3 API. It also renames "Tree Graph" appropriately. A new model for tree graphs, useful for applications like org charts, will be part of a future release.

   * Update Snowflake model to new API

<strong>0.3.3: Friendlier User Facing APIs</strong>

This release responds to requests for less complex user facing APIs. Existing APIs will remain intact for advanced users. The release also includes some project organization.

   * Introduce new "layout" classes to enable easier development for simple applications
   * Enable basic clearing and recentering functionality
   * Improve model for loading data from external resources

<strong>0.3.4: Introducing Real Tree Graph Model</strong>

This release introduces a conventional tree graph model.

   * Introduce New Tree Model
   * Introduce JSViz namespace
   * Support iterative node handling
   * Configurable entropy throttles
   * Support Edge labels

<strong>0.3.5: Introducing Cross-Browser Vector Graphics for JSViz</strong>

This release introduces a lightweight, common vector graphics library for browsers supporting SVG and VML, based on a subset of SVG functionality.

   * Support relative edge lengths in geometric models

<strong>0.4.1: Practical Applications in JSViz</strong>

This release provides some implementations of reusable UI components, based on JSViz.

   * Support for simple Pie Menus
   * Support relative edge lengths in geometric models

<?plugin AddComment order||=normal jshide||=0 mode||=show,add noheader||=0 ?>